[provider_azure] Extract "groups" claim from jwt and add it to Session (#1061)
oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy: docs/docs/configuration/group.md

---
id: allowed_groups
title: Allowing group based access
---

Limiting access to a resource based on the users group membership gives you a finer level of access control.  
You will need an oauth provider that supports adding the `group` claim in the `id_token`.

Configured providers are :

- [Azure](#azure-auth-provider)

### Azure Auth Provider

> In azure, you can configure additional claims for a service principal in general as described here
> [https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-optional-claims](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-optional-claims).

Reviewer: Might be better to have an inline link, perhaps we can reword it to flow more naturally to allow a link
```suggestion
Before you can use groups with the Azure provider, you must [configure additional claims](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-optional-claims) for a service principal using the Azure portal.
```
WDYT?

The `groups` claim is a bit special, as its value comes from an existing value for the user and not a single static value 

> [https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/hybrid/how-to-connect-fed-group-claims](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/hybrid/how-to-connect-fed-group-claims)  

Reviewer: Would be good to make this a more natural link too if possible

1. Configure the service principal to get the groups from the logged in user   
   ```bash
   az ad app update --id <sp_object_id> --set groupMembershipClaims=ApplicationGroup
   ```

>    The option here are `All` where every group the user is assigned to is sent to the oauth2-proxy. 

Reviewer: I think this should be `options` right?
```suggestion
   The options here are `All` where every group the user is assigned to is sent to the oauth2-proxy. 
```

parameter to configure the ids of the groups that should have access to this resource.

Example:  
```bash
oauth2-proxy \
--http-address=0.0.0.0:4180 \
... \
--allowed-group=<object-id-of-group-1> \
--allowed-group=<object-id-of-group-2> \
--allowed-group=<object-id-of-group-x>
```

Notes for azure:  
* You need to configure the `object_id`s.
* Depending on the value of `groupMembershipClaims` configured in your service principal, not all user groups might be
presented to the oauth2-proxy

## Configuring this for new Provider

Check the existing implementation in 
* [`azure.go`](https://github.com/oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy/blob/master/providers/azure.go)
  Using the
  ```go
  EnrichSession(ctx context.Context, s *sessions.SessionState) error;
  ```
  method to extract the `groups` claim from the `id_token` returned by azure
* [`oidc.go`](https://github.com/oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy/blob/master/providers/oidc.go)
  Using a separate implementation
  ```go
  createSessionState(ctx context.Context, token *oauth2.Token, idToken *oidc.IDToken) (*sessions.SessionState, error);
  ```

>   called from the `Redeem` and `redeemRefreshToken` methods

Reviewer: I'm not certain whether we would want this kind of documentation in the docs here, this is typically just user docs. I'd suggest we would want a separate section for developer docs like this :thinking:
